
# Once I first loaded the dataset, I decided to look at the first few rows to make sure everything was imported correctly. After this, I used the describe function to see a few summary stats, this gave a few statistics on the numerical columns in the data frame. The critical focus from the describe function was I wanted to gain some insight on the attendance column, since this will be my target variable later. Next, I wanted to sort the data frame by the attendance column to see the difference between each entry.

# I referred to the description stats from the describe function, and made a subsection of the data frame that looks at the records that are from the 75th percentile and above. Then I did the same for the bottom 25th percentile, to see how far the spread was between the entries. And to see without diving in-depth if anything stood out, which at first glance, I noticed having bobbleheads as yes seemed to be expected in the high percentiles.

# After getting a bird’s eye view of the high and low percentiles, I made dummy variables for the categorical columns. Once the dummies were made, I built a linear regression model to see what columns had the most effect on the target variable: attendance. Next, I made a small visual and used the R2 function to see how much correlation the predicted values had with the actual values when using this model. Lastly, I recreated the model by excluding the variables that involved specific teams.

# The most significant influencer on the attendance recording for games seems to be the opponent, which would be understandable when you account for things such as rivalries, etc. Excluding the team variable, the most important aspects to consider regarding a high or low attendance rate is having fireworks, the game being on Tuesday, and giving out bobbleheads.
